Week 1
Joined the tutorial, and created a group with Timothy, Ravi, Sami and Tejas. Appointed Sami as scrum master and decided on the name Romantic Cheese (randomly generated name). Joined the created Jira group. The finalized decision to work on project 1: Wait Management System. Decided to do meetings and chat via a Discord server created by Tim. Decided to have weekly meetings on Sunday at 6 pm. The team goal for this Sunday's meeting is to read through the specifications, think of some ideas on functionality and getting it started and try to get more accustomed to Jira.  

Got a plan on filling out the proposal over the next couple of weeks. By next Wednesday, we’ll finish the background research and the week 2 weekend will be for the user stories/sprints and technical depth work. Set up a Google document to compile our notes for the proposal. Set a task to research current existing systems, their purpose, and drawbacks with a deadline of next Wednesday. 

Week 2
Discussed research performed on background research. On the Google doc, created a list of problems and their possible solutions. Also added information about existing systems, their advantages, and drawbacks. Further went on to discuss the 8 objectives including 2 novelty ones and sorted the dot points in the assessment specifications under the objectives we brainstormed. Asked Iwan some questions regarding the background proposal and defining our functionality. Had discussions on what was regarded as novelty and came up with good ideas on the group’s novelty functionalities. We decided to start writing up the background for sections we finished e.g., the problems and existing systems. Tim and Tejas would start writing it up and come up with some user stories for one of the objectives whilst the other three members would take up two of the objectives and think of some user stories for the next meeting. For myself, I would think of some user stories for Order Management and Menu Management. Then at the next meeting, we will flesh this out further, and discuss sprints and technicalities. Decided that the next meeting would be on Saturday at 6 pm. 

Met on Saturday and added user stories that each group member came up with over the last couple of days. The group document contains all the stories, with their respective subtasks and story points which we decided were developer days. Group members worked together to add epics and issues to the Jira backlog. Under each issue were also child issues that represented subtasks to be done. We decided on 3 sprints for the term and started to sort which user stories we would add to each sprint. Discussed the next parts of the proposal that looks at storyboards and system architecture. Decided to use draw.io to create the required diagrams. We had 4 diagrams to be made and split those up with two people working on the storyboards. I was allocated the software architecture diagram and also research the possible database software we could use for the project. 

Week 3

Group met up and checked in on the progress of all the diagrams. Most diagrams are completed and the rest should be expected to be done by the end of today. We spent the meeting fixing up and editing the proposal document, ensuring we hit all the dot points and covered all the proposal requirements. Asked Iwan questions about the specifics of the proposal to consolidate our understanding of the proposal and the project i.e. including novelty functionality in our diagrams and moving our user stories to all three sprints instead of leaving them all in the product backlog. Most of everything is complete, just some final edits and touchups before Friday's submission. Ending up finishing the proposal with editing and had Sami the scrum master submit it. The group will look to set up the environment and get basic things working during a Saturday meeting at 6 pm.

Missed Saturday's meeting but read through the readme to set up the coding workspace. Got the virtual environment set up and the backend working but encountered some issues with loading the frontend and initialising the database. Essentially acted as a guinea pig trying to get the system working from an outside perspective. 

Week 4

The group met and checked in on the progress with the front and back ends. Slight concerns about how possibly we wouldn't have the two interacting with one another before the demo next week. Worries were quickly quelled by Iwan, and so we continued to work and discuss the first sprint. The group discussed how the database, backend and frontend would communicate with one another. No plans were set in stone yet but there were plenty of ideas thrown around as to how this would be achieved. Sami was happy to focus solely on the front end whilst the others worked on the back end. Tim did good work with some of the classes i.e. menu and its subclasses setting a good example for others to follow. Other classes were delegated amongst the members with me looking at the user classes alongside the table class. The plan would be to continue working on our respective items and meet up on Saturday at 6 pm for another checkup before a potential meeting on Tuesday to prepare for the demo. 

Met on Saturday at 6 pm for a quick standup to discuss current and future progress. So far things are going pretty well with everyone working on their respective items. I'll continue to work on my assigned classes whilst looking into the order manager and user observer methods. The team will be meeting on Tuesday to do a quick practice run of the demo before the Wednesday lab.

Week 5

The group met together on Tuesday to do a quick standup on current progress and discuss what was going to happen in the demo during the Wednesday lab. The team discussed that the demo would just show the front end and its functionality whilst linking it to the completed Jira tickets. As a result, Sami would control and present the demo. We checked all the functionality and ticked off all the Jira tickets to ensure we fulfilled all the requirements in sprint 1. During the Wednesday meeting, Sami went through the demo and the team met afterwards to discuss the retrospective. A Google doc was created and the team discussed all the things that went well, went not so well and things to try during the next sprint. Came up with a good list of things to try and I'll be in charge of monitoring the backend code documentation and style as well as ensuring the Jira tickets get filled out appropriately and on time. I'll be sharing this responsibility with Tim. 

Week 6

The team spent time getting together and discussing the second sprint. It was a relatively smaller sprint so spent time focusing on refactoring and cleaning up code in the backend to align with the retrospective from sprint 1. We decided on a particular style and spent the week fixing styling, refactoring and adding documentation.

Week 7

We spent time on sprint 2 objectives adding functionality to the backend revolving around updating menu items and categories. Also added a new field regarding the visibility of each of these items. However, had some questions about changing the order of menu items/categories in the menu and will look to discuss this during the next meeting.
During Wednesday's meeting, discussed current progress and were provided ideas on updating the order of menu items and categories. Sami provided how the update function would run from the front end in terms of input giving me a good idea on how to code that functionality. The next meeting will be at 6 pm Saturday. 
Saturday was a quick catchup and I was able to complete the changing the order of the menu items/categories and created the endpoints for Sami to utilise in the front end. Otherwise, the next steps were making sure everything was ready for the demo in Week 8. Also having a meeting on Tuesday for final preparations for the Week 8 demo. 

Week 8

In the Tuesday 6 pm meeting, we did our preparations for the Week 8 demo making sure that all the objectives within the sprint were complete. We also had a quick discussion on the retrospective and what we would need to discuss further in-depth after the demo on the next day. During the Wednesday demo, we were allocated to go second out of the groups. As a result, after ensuring we were ready for the demo, the group hopped onto the same google doc page and began writing up the second retrospective. We came up with good lists of what we felt we did well in sprint 2 and a list of things that didn't go quite well leading to possible improvements for sprint 3. Regarding that the things that I'll be looking out for in sprint 3 will be ensuring that our system is functional on the CSE machines. Once things are functional I'll try to run the system on a CSE machine via TigerVNC. 

Week 9

Before the Wednesday meeting during lab time, I was able to finish off the rest of my backend functionality that I was assigned to do during this sprint. The ability to look at performance statistics for different menu items allows managers to view items that are performing well/poorly as well as how often certain items were ordered together. As a result, this meant that the rest of my time could be spent on both polishing the final system for software quality as well as writing up the final report. During the Wednesday lab meeting, the group performed regular standups to view the current progress of each member. Progress is going well with some sprint 3 frontend functionality and database left to complete for the functionality of the system. As a result, we started to discuss the other final assessable items. There are still a few pieces of functionality to implement so I will be working on the report until the next meeting to be held on Sunday at 6 pm. Sunday's meeting was a quick catchup on progress and members started to discuss roles for the final demo and other deliverables. 

Week 10

Spent most of this week on the final report and preparing for the final demonstration. There were a couple of bug fixes regarding the backend but these were quite minor. I was able to get most of the functionality section finished, describing the different objectives and how our system's functionality solved those objectives. Furthermore, the team met on Tuesday to discuss a mock demo for the Wednesday final demo. My sections were discussing the Service Request and Menu Management objectives. Sami gave a good demo on the frontend and how that all works and so I had a good idea of what to say to sync up with Sami's actions on controlling the frontend.
